dolthub/dolt#9086 - Add --skinny and --include-cols docs (#2656)
dolthub/docs: packages/dolt/content/reference/sql/version-control/dolt-sql-functions.md

- `from_revision...to_revision` — gets the three dot diff, or revision of table data between the `from_revision` and `to_revision`, _starting at the last common commit_.
- `tablename` — the name of the table containing the data to diff.

> In addition to positional arguments, `DOLT_DIFF()` supports the following flags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to required arguments listed above, `DOLT_DIFF()` also supports the following optional arguments:
```

- `--skinny`: Shows only primary key columns and any columns with data changes. Always includes primary keys, commit metadata columns, and `diff_type`.

> - `--include-cols=<columns>`: A comma-separated list of additional columns to include in the output even if they did not change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--include-cols=<columns>`: A comma-separated list of additional columns to include in the skinny output even if they did not change.
```
